backpack - a store and forward mesh network:
--------------------------------------------

jim wishes to send a file to alice. This is difficult because:

	- alice does not have an easy way to receive data, mainly due to being
	  behind a NAT.
	- jim does not have an explicit method for transmitting data to alice.
	  His options are currently limited to:
		* email (no larger than 50MB, and inefficient)
		* sms (no)
		* a file sharing site (a pain)
		* a public dropbox (easy, except now we have to share a
		  dropbox and requires an internet connection). 


Bobby wishes to distribute his homemade album to all his friends. He selects
the album from his music folder, who to send it to, and waits.

You buy an album at the store, they give you a cd, but you don't even own a cd
player. Now you have to go home and download the album, or rip it yourself.
Luckily, the store is hip to our app and just transfers the FLACs straight to
your phone.

It overcomes this problem of people coming together and wanting to share
digital stuff. We can copy it onto flash drives (oops I forgot mine...), but
then you have to copy it twice and it's a bunch of labor.

I want to play my friend starcraft on our LAN. He could download it, but it's
like 1G including brood war and our internet still isn't that great.  This gets
worse when we're talking newer games, like team fortress 2 is about a 10G
download.

Are there any apps which allow you to say "send these files to this person"?

The Dad angle (doesn't have a data plan):

	- It's a great way to share files with all your friends!
	- If you ever want to send me a picture, take it, then choose
	  "share", click the backpack and then my name. Same for videos.


WLANs have much greater symmetrical bandwidth than home dsl. With newer
standards such as 802.11n, throughput has even surpassed 100Mb ethernet.

It's for sharing:

	- movies
	- music
	- pictures
	- warez


10,000 people at a concert. Most of them are taking pictures, but there is no
easy way to assemble this collage. Luckily backpack supports a "stream" of
data, which is sort of a shared virtual drive.

Go to the library, check out movies and they're on your phone. Library doesn't
have to have servers running streaming movies.

Passive aggressive blogging. Share links with strangers. Local tweeting.
"streams" are the new BSS.  Subscribe to people around you. Shared streams.

After a meeting, everyone's todo list is automatically updated.
